1881 - Add notification in widget/card (#2043)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Header]` Added a JS setting and CSS styles to support usage of a Flex Toolbar ([#1120](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1120))
- `[Mask]` Added a setting for passing a locale string, allowing Number masks to be localized.  This enables usage of the `groupSize` property, among others, from locale data in the Mask. ([#440](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/440))
- `[Masthead]` Added CSS styles to support usage of a Flex Toolbar ([#1120](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1120))

> - `[Notification]` Added example of a Widget/Card with notification and truncated the text (via ellipsis) if it is lengthy. ([#1881](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1881))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Notification]` Added example of a Widget/Card with notification and add code to truncate the text (via ellipsis) if it is lengthy. ([#1881](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1881))
```
